Feature/API-6209 queue transfers update (#683)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/index.mdx

| Object | Notes                                  |
| ------ | -------------------------------------- |

> | `thread_id`      | present if the chat is active                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `thread_id`      | Present if the chat is active                        |
```

> | `transferred_to` | IDs of groups and Agents the chat is now assigned to |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `transferred_to` | IDs of groups and Agents the chat has been assigned to |
```

> | `queue`          | present if the chat is queued after the transfer     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `queue`          | Present if the chat is queued after the transfer     |
```

| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `unique_id` | ID of the greeting that was generated, sent, and rejected. |

### `queue_position_updated`

> Informs about updated position in the queue and wait time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Informs about an updated position in the queue and about the wait time.
```
